joeslittletestscenario/step08.md, before:

## Creating a Package Repository

A [package repository](https://carvel.dev/kapp-controller/docs/latest/packaging/#package-repository)
is a collection of packages (more specifically a collection of Package and PackageMetadata CRs).
Our recommended way to make a package repository is via an [imgpkg bundle](https://carvel.dev/imgpkg/docs/latest/resources/#bundle).

The [PackageRepository bundle format](https://carvel.dev/kapp-controller/docs/latest/packaging-artifact-formats/#package-repository-bundle) describes purpose of each directory and general recommendations.

Lets start by creating the needed directories:

```bash
mkdir -p my-pkg-repo/.imgpkg my-pkg-repo/packages/simple-app.corp.com
```{{execute}}

we can copy our CR YAMLs from the previous step in to the proper packages
subdirectory:

```bash
cp 1.0.0.yml my-pkg-repo/packages/simple-app.corp.com
cp metadata.yml my-pkg-repo/packages/simple-app.corp.com
```{{execute}}

Next, let’s use kbld to record which package bundles are used:

```bash
kbld -f my-pkg-repo/packages/ --imgpkg-lock-output my-pkg-repo/.imgpkg/images.yml
```{{execute}}

With the bundle metadata files present, we can push our bundle to whatever OCI
registry we plan to distribute it from, which for this tutorial will just be our
same REPO_HOST.

```bash
imgpkg push -b ${REPO_HOST}/packages/my-pkg-repo:1.0.0 -f my-pkg-repo
```{{execute}}

The package repository is pushed!

You can verify by checking the Docker registry catalog:

```bash
curl ${REPO_HOST}/v2/_catalog
```{{execute}}

In the next steps we'll act as the package consumer, showing an example of adding and using a PackageRepository with kapp-controller.

Commit message:

iterating our way towards open api inclusion in the tut

joeslittletestscenario/step08.md, after:

## Creating a Package Repository

A [package repository](https://carvel.dev/kapp-controller/docs/latest/packaging/#package-repository)
is a collection of packages (more specifically a collection of Package and PackageMetadata CRs).
Our recommended way to make a package repository is via an [imgpkg bundle](https://carvel.dev/imgpkg/docs/latest/resources/#bundle).

The [PackageRepository bundle format](https://carvel.dev/kapp-controller/docs/latest/packaging-artifact-formats/#package-repository-bundle) describes purpose of each directory and general recommendations.

Lets start by creating the needed directories:

```bash
mkdir -p my-pkg-repo/.imgpkg my-pkg-repo/packages/simple-app.corp.com
```{{execute}}

we can copy our CR YAMLs from the previous step in to the proper packages
subdirectory. Note that we are declaring the version and the openAPI schema file
to ytt.

```bash
ytt -f package-template.yml  --data-value-file openapi=schema-openapi.yml -v version="1.0.0" > my-pkg-repo/packages/simple-app.corp.com/1.0.0.yml
cp metadata.yml my-pkg-repo/packages/simple-app.corp.com
```{{execute}}

Next, let’s use kbld to record which package bundles are used:

```bash
kbld -f my-pkg-repo/packages/ --imgpkg-lock-output my-pkg-repo/.imgpkg/images.yml
```{{execute}}

With the bundle metadata files present, we can push our bundle to whatever OCI
registry we plan to distribute it from, which for this tutorial will just be our
same REPO_HOST.

```bash
imgpkg push -b ${REPO_HOST}/packages/my-pkg-repo:1.0.0 -f my-pkg-repo
```{{execute}}

The package repository is pushed!

You can verify by checking the Docker registry catalog:

```bash
curl ${REPO_HOST}/v2/_catalog
```{{execute}}

In the next steps we'll act as the package consumer, showing an example of adding and using a PackageRepository with kapp-controller.
